Myst Content (#40)
ml4sts/open-humanities: episodes/16-what-is-myst.Rmd

Myst is a tool that we will learn to use to build interactive webpages or pdfs. The benifit of this is more powerful publishing of content and information.
Here's an example of a paper published using myst: [A Literature Review On AI fairness Best Practices](https://ml4sts.com/fairml-bestpractices/)

## A Different Way of Building HTML
The purpose of MyST is to have a powerful tool that builds interactive HTML pages without doing any HTML coding.
Remember, on the first day we used GH Pages' simple rendering system to render a single md file (`index.md`) into a simple HTML page.

> MyST will do a similar job, except that it can render a more powerful HTML page with interactive button and it can render a collection of md files distributed into multiple directories within one project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MyST can also do this, except that it uses templates to render pages with a more structure, does some extra processing of the content and it can render a collection of md files distributed across multiple directories within one project directory into a cohesive site.
```

* For each md file we have a button on the left page section 
* On the top-right corner we have a dark/light theme button as well as a search bar that works!

> ### Challange: Edit your redame file and see

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: challenge 

> ## Challenge 1: Edit your redame file and see what happens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Edit your readme file and see what happens
```

So we learn that myst requires this file to be in your project directory to be able to built the webpage.

> ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: challenge 

Reviewer: before the challenge, let's plan to edit something together in the instructional part and then leave the challeng to edit another 

so maybe we edit the authors first? and leave title as the exercise or make title the instruction and edit the author as exercise?

> ## Challenge 2: Change the title of your webpage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Editing meta data
```
